Update "Build a web app with Flutter" page (#11363)
flutter/website: src/content/platform-integration/web/building.md

short-title: Web development
---

> This page provides an overview of how to configure, run and build a web

Reviewer: Don't make me lecture you on the Oxford comma!

```suggestion
This page provides an overview of how to configure, run, and build a web
```

Author: It was an honest mistake I swear!

application using Flutter.

## Requirements

Before you can build a web application with Flutter,
make sure that you have the [Flutter SDK][] and a web browser installed.
See the [Set up web development for Flutter][Setup-web] instructions
for details.

## Set up a Flutter project

To set up your project, you can create a new Flutter project or add web support
to an existing project.

### Create a new project

To create a new app that includes web support, run the following command:

```console
$ flutter create my_app 
```

### Add web support to an existing project

If you already have a project, run the `flutter create` command in your project directory:

```console
$ flutter create . --platforms web
```

> This will create a `web/` directory containing the web assets used to bootstrap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a `web/` directory containing the web assets used to bootstrap
```

and run your Flutter app. 

## Run your app

Select [Chrome][] as your app's target device to run and debug a Flutter web app:

```console
$ flutter run -d chrome
```

You can also choose Chrome as a target device in your IDE.

> You can also use the `edge` device type on Windows, or use `web-server` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer, you can use the `edge` device type on Windows, or use `web-server` to
```
Trying to avoid "You can also" in two consecutive lines of text.
